Hang in there for the
short while that I'm gone.
Hey, you've been waiting 3,700 years.
A few more months or years is no big deal.
We're going to build our Kingdom of Science.
Sound of explosives.
Run!
I'm going to get the Kingdom of
Science's custom-built cell phone
to Taiju and Yuzuriha even if it kills me!
Why do we have to be so sneaky?
They're going to follow us if they see us.
Our top-secret cell phone plan would
be wasted right then and there.
If it's that scout Homura
we're worried about,
why don't we just kill her or catch her?
Sure, if we knew where she was hiding!
Although, right now, Homura-chan has
no option but to come out of hiding
to check out the situation.
It's gunpowder that they're
worried about, after all.
There's no way someone
whose job is to keep watch
isn't going to check out
such a huge explosion.
If Homura's going to show up,
it'll be along the line between that hill
and where the sonic bombs went off.
I just saw something!
A shadow moving really quickly!
She's already gone to catch her.
Kohaku-chan sure is impressive.
She's so proactive and decisive.
Senku gave us this one-in-a-million
chance with his sonic bombs.
I have to catch Homura, no matter what!
Explosion craters.
Chills.
My neck.
How is she moving like that?
Gymnastics.
You, born in this age, wouldn't know.
I don't intend to kill you needlessly.
I know. Hit with back of sword.
How long will you chase me?
Until I catch you.
You can't.
Give up.
Stop resisting and let me restrain you!
Never happen.
I'm trying to exhaust her
by making her talk, but...
Kohaku...
I can't lose her.
Homura... I can't get any closer.
She's fast.
I'm going to have to herd
her toward the village.
They're coming this way!
Seniors and children, take shelter!
Everyone else, surround her!
Senku?
Aren't you curious?
Scoop your eyes out and take a good look.
The level 2 science surprise gadget: the flare.
What is this?!
Long time no see!
I'm Mecha Senku!
I'm gonna teach you how to make flares.
Got
bittern!
First, boil sea water to make
this stuff called "bittern."
Melt that down and zap it with
electricity, and you get magnesium!
Shove it in a light bulb, and you're done.
Got
bittern!
This is the stuff they use in Print Gocco.
Happy
F
l
a
r
e
M
a
k
i
n
g
You've never heard of Print Gocco?
Ask your mom and dad.
They might know!
I thought Senku was a wimp!
He's awesome!
Watch where you're touching me.
Think about who you're trying
to pull that trick on.
Once we're done building civilization,
I'll play the pure, innocent boy all you want.
Should I force my way out and run?
There's no way I can stand up against...
It was a total fail!
What a wimp!
It's not a matter of strength.
How is that woman moving like that?
She's gotten away.
My eyes are still flickering.
I guess having good eyesight
has its downsides.
Kinro.
Ginro.
Kohaku.
Suika.
Kaseki.
Jasper.
Kokuyo.
Turquoise.
Mantle.
Argo.
How do you know all our names?
It seems that's how thoroughly
she's been observing us.
Everyone else from the village is here,
but Chrome, Magma, and Gen are missing.
Something's wrong.
Where are they?
Chrome, the technician,
and Magma, the brawn.
Are they mining for gems?
No, they wouldn't need Gen.
Why is Gen with them?
To guide them?
Where?
They're taking something to our headquarters.
What's so important to require a diversion?
A critical weapon of science?
What?
She must have figured out that Chrome
and the cell phone team are on the move.
This is bad!
I guess we can't count on tracking her.
Chrome and the advance party are headed
straight for the Tsukasa Empire headquarters.
Homura is chasing them.
It's only a matter of time before
she discovers their cell phone.
If she destroys it or even just
notifies Tsukasa, it's over.
Please, no!
We worked so hard on it!
We're going to have to catch her first.
Homura-chan's going after Chrome and
the others, and we have to chase her?!
That's so complicated!
Time to bust out the level 3 science
surprise, our final weapon.
All the spots he's lighting up...
...are leaving marks.
Well, we're out of time.
Let's get started.
It's the start of our
happy double pursuit race.
These markings dotting the
way are Homura's path?
Why can we see this light, though?
Come on, wake up.
You guys have seen it before.
The blue gems!
In powdered form.
I see!
You put it on Homura's arms and legs!
Oh?
I thought it only lights up
briefly just before dawn.
Ultraviolet light.
This light of science
produces it artificially.
The black light.
Nickel, barium...
We needed all those treasures
we found in the cave to make it.
Barium
Nickel
Glass
It's basically just a purple light bulb
we made by mixing them with glass.
We can follow these.
We can find her!
Senku, let me make something clear.
Homura's movements are exceptional.
Gymnastics.
It's a skill that doesn't exist in your age.
We won't be able to capture her unharmed.
But I could behead her with my sword.
We could even accomplish a bloodless siege.
Am I free to kill her?
Kohaku, have you ever killed a human being?
Of course not.
That's why, the moment
I must do it, I'll hesitate.
My weakness will be exposed.
In order to have the conviction
to go through with it,
I must impress it upon
myself with forceful words.
Relax.
You might not even get a chance to use that
horrible thing you have on your waist.
Why do you think we worked so hard
on that ridiculously huge box?
The ultimate weapon of modern
warfare: information communication.
No, no, no!
Is anything broken? The vacuum tubes?
Either way, we should check
it every now and then.
It rang!
Stop!
Don't answer it, Chrome-chan!
Why not?
It stopped.
There's only one reason they
would call at this stage.
And it was one ring.
Homura-chan found us.
We're being chased!
If she saw us talking, she'd realize
we're carrying a cell phone.
Our job is still to keep
going as if we're oblivious.
This race is a doubled-up game of tag.
Chrome, who's carrying the cell phone...
Homura, who's chasing them...
And us, chasing Homura.
But what happens if we coordinate
via radio in this situation?
Our game of tag suddenly
turns into a pincer attack!
That's information warfare.
Hyoga-sama...
This is bad.
The light ends after this river.
Damn it, she washed all the powder off.
She must have noticed it
glowing in the morning sun.
Also, why is this so-called
"cell phone" ringing on and off?
Gen-sensei is one-ringing us.
He's using the ringer to send us Morse code.
Where are you?
Following the river.
20km down.
We're chasing
Homura!
Crap! Passing
the 25km point.
What now,
Senku-chan?
Heh, heh, heh!
Proceed with the
pincer strategy!
Roger!
We can't use voice,
so we're texting each other.
That would be one way to think of it.
That doesn't help at all.
We don't get your scientific
civilization analogies.
Gen's reported locations
and Homura's route have matched
up for the past several kilometers.
Which means Homura has caught up to
them, and she's following them now.
That information is worth its weight in gold.
With Homura in front of us,
and with us communicating our
positions using our cell phones,
we can see where every piece is.
It's an information pincer.
Nope, no good.
It's not picking up a signal anymore.
Chrome-chan, can you set
it up on top of a tree?
Sure.
"Signal"?
No way...
In this stone world?
A communicator?
I have to make sure.
As a scout!
I could destroy it right now.
This is my only chance.
It's fake?
Why?
Gen's switch-out magic trick!
Can't land safely.
Death... assured.
Goodbye, Hyoga-sama.
Now!
You may be fast, but if we know everything
about when and where you show up,
we can capture you unharmed!
Yes!
Exhilarating, isn't it?
This is information warfare,
brought to you by the Kingdom of Science.
We're here.
Finally! We made it!
Final boss Tsukasa's main base!
Shh, Chrome-chan!
There's a guy with crazy hearing
in Tsukasa-chan's army.
My bad.
Damn, if we get caught after
coming all the way here...
Jeez, it's a statue.
Damn... They all look so strong.
Something's written in blood on its face.
Looks like priority numbers
for when to revive them.
Those weren't there when I last saw them.
The lowest number is 33.
Which means Tsukasa-chan's revived
at least 32 people since then.
He's going quite a bit faster than I thought.
Even if we keep bringing
people over from his army,
it won't matter if he keeps
making soldiers even faster.
This is pretty bad.
Why don't we just wreck
all of them right now?
No, even that's too much work.
Just break their arms or
legs off as we find them,
and they won't be able to fight.
You're pretty brutal, Magma.
I totally forgot, since you'd
kind of become an ally.
He's merciless when it comes to his enemies.
Although, if we had to choose,
it's probably best to destroy them now.
Aw, shucks, I can't.
These statues did nothing wrong.
Maybe if they were major
villains or something, but...
We humans can pretend
we're realists all we want,
but when it actually comes
time to kill someone...
We're so weak, aren't we?
So weak.
That's why Tsukasa-chan's so dangerous,
because he can go ahead and do it.
We have to stop him.
You aren't weak.
We're aiming way higher.
To try not to spill any blood.
We just need to convert people faster
than Tsukasa can grow his army.
So let's go.
Our mission is to build a cell phone
hot line as soon as possible.
Dude, Magma, you were totally about
to casually destroy those statues.
Why do you care? They're strangers.
Sure, right.
I'm so glad Magma-chan's on our side.
Where are we?
A grave.
For Tsukasa's men?
No.
Then who?
It's Senku-chan's grave.
Senku is dead?!
He's obviously alive.
It's a fake, to make Tsukasa think he's dead.
We have them thinking I'm dead.
You'd better visit my grave regularly.
So Senku's grave is where
we exchange materials, huh?
It's a perfect holy ground.
Tsukasa's men don't have
any interest in my grave.
And even if they go there often,
his men would think it's
just to pay respects.
They're going to gather there
to communicate with the dead.
It's the birth of a ghost communicator.
He's so good, isn't he?
It's a grave, so it wouldn't seem odd
for them to be talking to a dead man.
But this... might be a bit too obvious.
That's totally going to draw attention!
Damn it, this stone's in the way.
You don't give a damn about
anything, do you, Magma?!
Just hurry up and hide it!
Looks like we got away with it.
You scrawny wimps freak out way too much.
We don't know yet.
I told you, there's a guy with crazy hearing—
I definitely heard something
from around here.
If someone from Tsukasa's army finds
the cell phone first, we're done.
They've got the mentalist with them.
They aren't going to make it that obvious.
Besides, those two will be fine.
They're a tag team of diligence and tenacity.
They'll find it for sure.
No matter what the situation.
I-It's ringing!
But what if it's one of Tsukasa's men?
Yo.
Senku!
I missed this all so much, I could cry.
Including your ridiculously loud voice.
Call from the Dead
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.